Replace CI/Zuul references with manual commands in HSM adoption docs (#1392)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_key-manager-service-hsm-adoption-approaches.adoc

* Is suitable for development, testing, and standard production environments

HSM-enabled adoption approach::

> * Patches the `OpenStackControlPlane` CR with HSM-enabled configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Patches the `OpenStackControlPlane` custom resource with HSM-enabled configuration
```

* Creates required Kubernetes secrets (`hsm-login` and `proteccio-data`) for HSM credentials and certificates
* Preserves HSM metadata during database migration
* Supports both simple crypto and HSM back ends in the target environment

> * Requires custom container images with HSM client libraries (built using the `rhoso_proteccio_hsm` Ansible role)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires custom container images with HSM client libraries that are built by using the `rhoso_proteccio_hsm` Ansible role
```
